Eliud Kipchoge has broken the unofficial Marathon world record with a time of 1:59:40.2!
Steve Kerr retweets support for Hong Kong back in September.
Amazing dart throw.
Peter Vodanovich crashes at Bathurst 1000
Cyclist Janez Brajkovic leg after a race
Vid of Kipchoge's 2 hour marathon from my perspective. Blistering pace
Saturday Eliud Kipchoge will attempt to become the first human to run a historic sub-two hour marathon in a specially designed event.
Surfing huge waves in Western Australia!
[x-post r/mapporn]ESPN acknowledges China's claims to South China Sea live on SportsCenter with graphic
Czech Republic 2-1 England: Zdenrk Ondrasek scores on his international debut as the Czech Republic end England's 43 game unbeaten run in international qualifiers, their last loss coming against Ukraine almost exactly 10 years ago.
NBA decides to remain silent for rest of China trip
Hillary Allen: How American skyrunner returned to the race that almost killed her
Rugby World Cup: Scotland consider legal action over Japan match threat
Naomi Osaka to choose Japan nationality for Tokyo Olympics
Journalist gets quickly shut down when she asked James Harden, Russell Westbrook if they would refrain from speaking out on politics/social justice
Howie Kendrick hits a 10th inning grand slam to give the Nationals a 7-3 lead over LA in a Win-or-Go-Home Game 5
Simone Biles now has the most world championship medals of any woman gymnast in history
AJ Catanzaro's save at the 2019 Red Bull Straight Rhythm
An Unseen Victim of the College Admissions Scandal: The High School Tennis Champion Aced Out by a Billionaire Family
Two Weeks After Salazar Ban, Nike Shuts Down Oregon Project Running Team
Simone Biles Breaks Medals Record As Team USA Wins Gymnastic World Championship
Cambodian fan still cheering for his nation even after they went behind 14-0
Slow motion sporting clay shot
Padres’ Jacob Nix tased, charged with criminal trespassing after breaking into Arizona home through doggie door
When skydiving in Australia, the danger comes after you land.
Clayton Kershaw's postseason woes continue after he gives up back-to-back 8th inning home runs to allow the Nationals to the tie the game
The Washington Nationals defeat the Los Angeles Dodgers, 7-3 to advance to the National League Championship Series. First postseason series win in Nationals history.
Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw reflecting upon his performance last night in the Game 5 NLDS loss to the Washington Nationals.
Rugby World Cup 2019 Games Cancelled Due to Typhoon Hagibis
Humboldt Strong
The best try so far of the 2019 Rugby World Cup
Rugby World Cup: England-France match called off because of Typhoon Hagibis
Petr Cech: Ex-Chelsea and Arsenal goalkeeper joins ice hockey team Guildford Phoenix
Canadian Josh Larsen in the South African locker room after the game, apologising for his red card for an illegal tackle on Spingbok Thomas Du Toit. The only thing wrong with this is that he didn't drink the beer that was offered to him...
Nearly all of the NBA’s Chinese partners have cut ties with the league
Chinese fans fume at NBA as fallout from free speech row spreads
76ers Fan Says He Was Kicked Out After Supporting Hong Kong
'Taking back what's ours': Iran's women to attend historic match
OBJ warming up
Rugby World Cup: Argentina secure 2023 World Cup qualification after a comfortable 47-17 victory over the USA.
Philadelphia 76ers Star Ben Simmons Hits The First 3 Pointer In His Career
The Tampa Bay Rays execute a perfect relay from the outfield to prevent the Astros from scoring
Wells Fargo Center Unveils Rage Room Where Fans Can Break Stuff And Unleash Their Anger
NBA in China: LeBron James should exercise free speech as Lakers land
Margaret Abbott was the first American woman to win an Olympic gold, coming first in the women's golf tournament in 1900. She didn't realise she was competing in the Olympics at the time, and lived her whole life without finding out.
70% of freshman UNC football players were diagnosed as ADHD and given Adderall or Ritalin, which are otherwise banned by the NCAA as performance-enhancing drugs
What era is this football from?
Murray explains why he told Fognini to 'shut up' during Shanghai Masters clash
Adam Silver's statement on NBA and China
China state TV suspends NBA broadcasts after Morey Hong Kong tweet
Argos name Michael 'Pinball' Clemons general manager
Ronaldo clocks 40 Kilometers (24.8548 Miles) per hour
Welsh National Anthem - Australia vs Wales | RWC2019
Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett throws the challenge flag vigorously, gets flagged as a result
Charlie Morton, 94mph Fastball and 80mph Curveball Spin, Overlay
'We love China': Rockets' Harden 'sorry' over GM's Hong Kong tweet
Icelandic Viking Clap at Australian Rugby League Final
Ohio State band does The Space Race
Max Domi chirping Kasperi Kapanen after a massive mistake
Aaron Jones waves goodbye to Dallas Cowboy defender before touchdown!
Cathal Kelly - The fading Sports Illustrated has become everything Frank Deford hated
UFC fighter Nadia Kassem tries a dirty trick against Ji Yeon Kim, gets dropped right after
Steelers QB Mason Rudolph gets knocked out cold after a hit from Earl Thomas
TN player tackles the wrong person.
Playing Golf at a Baseball Stadium - StadiumLinks Globe Life Park Arlington TX
Rafael Abrahamyan chokes out Batuhan Akduman but refuses to let go at GFC18.
John Grant Jr's one-handed behind the back pass during Major League Lacrosse final
Chesapeake Bayhawks are the 2019 Major League Lacrosse Champions
Japan score a last-play, bonus-point try to bring them within touching distance of their first ever World Cup quarter final!
TJ Perenara produces the try of the year (NZ vs Namibia)
Tammy Abraham (Chelsea) goal given by goal line technology.
Kid drains a shot after Lebron yells “Let him shoot” to his son’s team
Neymar with an outrageously good pass against Angers
Student decides to run into the field during a timeout, avoids security guards and police, but not the Oregon player.
Marc Marquez is the 2019 MotoGP champion with a last-lap overtake over in the Thai GP, with 4 races to go.
Sequence of Texas' D'Shawn Jamison's interception (theft) against WVU's Sam James
Fan at Oregon game runs on field, gets tackled by RB Cyrus Habibi-Likio
Marc Márquez wins his sixth MotoGP title
Sydney Roosters win NRL Grand Final!
USA Win Men's 4x100m Gold | World Athletics Championships 2019 | Doha Moments
Simone Biles nails two more amazing moves that will be named after her
Outrageous double offload and through the legs pass to set up a try from Bayonne in the Top14
Last night Maddie Posick scored her first goal for the reigning national champion UW Badgers Women's Hockey team. Her father was in the booth announcing the game:
Texas DB Jamison rips the ball away from the receiver in mid-air with one hand.
Miami Hurricanes get a touchdown before halftime thanks to a Hail Mary throw
Kovacs snatches shot put gold on final throw
Rugby World Cup: Last gasp try secures bonus point victory for Japan vs Samoa.
Devils Winger Blake Coleman scores a one handed goal
[Blackhawks 1 -[3] Flyers] Konecny gets around Keith and snipes a backhander for a two goal lead
Red Card by Argentina vs England
England secure their spot in the quarterfinals with a comfortable 39-10 victory over Argentina.
Tedric Thompson makes a diving interception, keeping the ball off the ground on a bobbling catch
Iran Says At Least 3,500 Women Fans ‘Guaranteed’ For Tehran Soccer Match
Eau Claire Regis Kicker Tristan Root hits a 44-yard field goal on a muddy field.
Nikko Locastro with an Albatross (3 under par) on the 888 ft Par 5 13th at the United States Discgolf Championships.
Rugby World Cup: Italy red card for a dangerous tackle vs South Africa
Messi’s Phenomenal Solo Goal against Athletic Bilbao
Dalilah Muhammad breaks 400m hurdles world record to win gold over Sydney McLaughlin
TIL The LA Dodgers (previously Brooklyn Dodgers) are named after Brooklyn residents who had to dodge out of the way of trolleys or be run over in the 19th century
Kolbe cross-kick try - South Africa vs Italy - RWC 2019
Saturday Sledge Thread
Daily General Discussion and Match Links Thread - October 12, 2019
Tim Paine scores his first first-class century since 2006
#OnThisDay in 2002, Matthew Hayden outscored Pakistan in a Test that lasted just two days in Sharjah
All 14 skippers pose for a snap with the WT20 Qualifier Trophy in Abu Dhabi
Stump Mic poll on bcc is website
Statistic quantifying India's struggles against Opposition Tail
The Smudge 10 year challenge!
Post Day Thread - Day 3 - India vs South Africa Test 2 at Pune
Ashwin's stunner to De Kock
Fastest to 21000 International Runs: Kohli v/s Tendulkar
Match Thread: 2nd Test - India v South Africa, Day 3
Chris Jordan Stunning Caught and Bowled Yesterday
NUMERO 1 Gloveman in the World
Why are India so dominant at home?
Shami and Yadav should play all home tests for sure. No doubt this is a golden age for the Indian pace attack!
‘F*** you mate’: Proteas turn on each other amid brutal Kohli masterclass
Vics left fuming as Redbacks refuse to manufacture target
Congratulations to Katherine Brunt and Nat Sciver who just got engaged!
Found this on twitter today
Mike Brearly holds up play as Dennis Lilee comes into bat with an aluminium bat called the ComBat.
Andy Flower leaves England Lions role and departs ECB
IPL 2020: Ness Wadia confirms Ravichandran Ashwin's participation for KXIP
It’s been a Huge first Round of Sheffield Shield and its not even over yet! Carey and Cooper yet to be dismissed, a handful of 50s and a double century from Maddinson
Jonty Rhodes, Brett Lee being considered to coach Sri Lanka
BCCI should really look into this ..watching match in some stadiums in really bad experience
Experiencing the pain of Zimbabwe cricket through Tatenda Taibu's eyes
Virat Kohli has hit 7th double century of his test cricket career - highest for India. His 6th at home. All of these have come in last 3 years. 7 double hundreds is also the highest number of double hundreds by a test captain (followed by Brian Lara's 5).
Green shoots on a new path towards national selection
BCB makes it mandatory for BPL teams to field a 140-plus quick and a legspinner
Do I need tickets to watch the WC Qualifier Matches that are at the ICC Academy?
"Stokes' profile makes him a media target" - Ashley Giles
Temba Bavuma's future insight
Statman's analysis: The best batsmen of each decade
Struggles from Hashim Amla in the decline of SAF Cricket in recent years make sense...
WT20 Qualifier Team Preview - Papua New Guinea
Ravindra Jadeja averages 57.7 in Tests since 2018. Of the 51 players to have scored 500+ runs in the timeline, only six other players have a better average.
Match Thread: Sheffield Shield, Round 1, Day 3
Virat Kohli's Test best of 254*
Sarfraz Ahmed to be retained as T20I captain for Australia series - FML
Thoughts on the World Test Championship?
Australia's Alyssa Healy praises 'game changing' maternity leave
Watching kohli's classy century
Who designed the new BBL kits? They're rather...uninspiring.
Eden park with some quality bantz on Ben Stokes
WT20 Qualifier Team Preview - Jersey
Kohli &amp; Test Match Hundreds
Virat Kohli breaks Don Bradman's record, now has most 150+ scores as captain
Does India really struggle with the tailenders? They have been better than everyone expect South Africa since 2015. Thoughts?
Seems a bit exaggerated. From Cricbuzz live coverage of Ind vs SA.
What can be the reason for this
Irish cricket bosses visit Pakistan to assess possible future tour to country
"How can you say this is B team? We beat the no. 1 T20 team!" - Danushka Gunathilaka
'We knew it was right': cricketers Nat Sciver and Katherine Brunt get engaged | Sport
Out of the wilderness? Canada T20 World Cup Qualifiers preview
Marnus Labuschagne once again being the highlight of the team
Ranatunga gifted flowers after scoring 50 by a man with a face paint(1994)
Warner responds after a flat ashes series with a ton
Post Match Thread -India vs SA Day 2
Quickest to 7000 test runs
Questions to Indian stadium goers
Jason Gillespie on Ishant Sharma.
Kohli reaching up there
Azhar Ali likely to replace Sarfaraz as Test Captain against Australia
Sanju Samson proving a point. Should get a chance now I suppose
Highest Indian Scores
Most Double Hundreds
Fewest innings to 26 Hundreds
Mystery of Ishant Sharma
Match Thread: 2nd Test - India v South Africa, Day 2
The bachelor pad, now upgraded with better artwork
Anil Kumble appointed new KXIP coach.
A collection of straight drives courtesy Virat Kohli
Legspinners, 140-plus pacers made mandatory in BPL
Can you help us to bring cricket to Slovakia? for all ages and races to come together through the love of sport!
Sanju samson nearing a double century
Tim Murtagh ready to quit Ireland to continue county career
India Women beat South Africa Women 2nd ODI
What is the most number of wicketkeepers to play in a first class game?
Was Clive Rice from South Africa the best (and the unluckiest) player to have never had a proper international career?
Ben Stokes takes legal action against Sun over story of family tragedy | Media
Victorian openers were huge getting to 6d-616
The Hundred, new cricket format is here.
Review of The Edge
My collection of WWOS Cricket Yearbooks. Loved these as a kid
Monty Panesar is asking: Who is better captain Virat Kolhi or Ricky Pointing?
Which commentary panel in entirety do you find the worst to listen to?
2018-19 Sheffield Shield Performances Without Junction Oval
Why do some people rate Dravid higher than Sachin?
ICC set to decide Zimbabwe Cricket's future next week
Indoor nets in South London
Madhya Pradesh Man Shot Dead After Argument Over Cricket Match
Why don't teams sell jerseys with player names/numbers?
Sri Lankan team poses with their security after the tour.
Barbados Tridents join Guyana Amazon Warriors for the 2019 CPL final #CPL19 #Biggestpartyinsport
Emerging Cricket Podcast: Oman series, South American Champs, Malaysia-Vanuatu T20Is; interviews with Jeanette Garcés González and Tim Wigmore
Back to back centuries for Mayank Agarwal. Well played young man!
Match Thread: Sheffield Shield, Round 1, Day 2
Test cricket jersey numbers
Match Thread: 2nd ODI - India Women v South Africa Women
Match Thread: 3rd T20I - Qatar v Jersey
Daily General Discussion and Match Links Thread - October 11, 2019
A Flamengo Fan Sells his Ticket to the Semifinal of the Cup to Cure his Dog's Cancer
Monchengladbach are back
Any good documentary about history of english football or football in general?
Who is the 'real Ronaldo'? Cristiano Ronaldo vs Ronaldo Nazario debate
Football
Iceland's chances on Qualfying for EURO 2020
England lose in Prague
Are kit numbers restricted in Arabic only by FIFA/IFAB?
Question about Portugal v Luxembourg
Iran women freely at FIFA soccer match, 1st time in decades
Dele Alli's numbers in the past 2 seasons (Corteo Sport is the source). Cause for concern?
Cavani and Thiago Will Leave PSG Next Summer! - Newz Wave
The Bielsa way - A brief explanation
Do you think Giroud deserve more playing time in Chelsea? I do.
What's gone wrong for Dele?
No matter your stand point on the man, there is no doubt in my mind Arsene Wenger should get a job at fifa..
Netherlands is gonna grab a big price in the '20s
So Klopp is one victory behind Pep Guardiola's record of 18 straight wins? Will he level it? Will he break it? Next 2 matches are against Man Utd and Tottenham. I think they will, considering the poor form of those two teams.
Tickets to Atalanta football match
Petr Cech provides info about his job at Chelsea after joining Guilford Pheonix
Who were the 'Messi and Ronaldo' before Messi and Ronaldo
So I made a Man United-Liverpool combined XI
Will Matthijs De Ligt be able put an end to his bad form after an own goal, conceding 3 goals against Napoli and 2 against Atletico(and much more) in the past few months?
Beckham? De Bruyne? Gerrard still the ultimate for Alexander-Arnold
Top 5 Matches to Watch in the International Break
Vacant manager jobs around Europe.
I don't know how much the average football fan knows about the corruption &amp; disregard the people in charge of the game hold.
FIFA fined Hong Kong soccer body for China anthem protest
[UK] What are my brother's chances of making it pro in football?
Newcomer here, it seems like the polish league gets a lot of hate, just wondering why?
Being Afraid Of What Others Think Is Preventing Me From Playing
Bastian Schweinsteiger Announces His Retirement
Question
Potential England internationals in the EFL
Messi on his future: I want to retire at Barcelona
Who is the best keeper in the world atm?
Meet Bruno Fernandes: The Promise Of The Brazilian National Team That Was Imprisoned For Murder
Tunisian Soccer Team Steals Shoes From Store in Perth
Analysing the mess at Manchester United
Wembley
Solskjaer
Football podcast/radio
Sunderland Sack Jack Ross
Sunderland Takeover is off
Former academy players of reddit how is life now if u didn’t make it?
Street style football festival
Dembele risks missing El Clasico for saying 'you're very bad' to the referee
[Overview] Invincible teams in European Top 12 leagues
Tottenham won't sack Pochettino 'in a million years'
Sancho and Trippier show freedom of movement brings opportunities | Sid Lowe | Football
Getting into Football
Guardiola admits to 'bad day' for nervous Man City as Liverpool are handed 'big' lead
Hugo Lloris suffers horror injury as Brighton beat Tottenham at Amex
I want your best Boot Hacks
Leicester contact police over racist abuse aimed at Hamza Choudhury | Football
Analyzing the current Arsenal
Madrid 2-0 Granada. Hazard nets 1st goal for Blancos as Benzema scores
Frank Lampard called Didier Deschamps to ask him to leave N'Golo Kante out of the France squad 📞
Real Madrid drop Courtois as Alphonse Areola sets for second start against Granada |
sorry… VAR
Is a player who doesn't do his best to act and claim fouls and penalties, disliked by coaches and clubs?
Paper talks: Barcelona and PSG considering Neymar Griezmann swap - Le10Sport |
Cliche GOAT debate
Do the top players wear custom fitted kit and boots?
International attendance ranking
Zappacosta suffers ACL injury, likely to return to England |
LLE on the Road - The football experience in Bilbao
Football Game Today - Highschool
Why is Manchester United becoming so weak years after years?
Lautaro Martinez goal ended Inter Milan 49-years Camp Nou curse |
Center back problems
A 30-year-old man pleads guilty to attempted robbery on Ozil and Kolasinac |
KDB injury not serious according to Pep. Says playing in the weekend game could be possibility.
Analysing Milan's current situation
About Takefusa Kubo
Tottenham had more Expected Goals (xG) than Bayern yesterday: 2.66 v 2.03
Who is the best? Ronaldo or Messi?
End of a era
El Clásico Tickets
Wearing 2 scarves (not of 2 teams playing each other)
Premier League Gameweek 7: Team of the Week....Thoughts?
Ansu Fati - Making an impression
Jamie Vardy has now scored 16 Premier League goals for Leicester City in 2019. Only Sergio Aguero (20) and Sadio Mane (18) have scored more.
Post-Match Thread: Tottenham Hotspur 2-7 Bayern München
Bayern have been brilliant for the final hour but this isn’t normal, is it? There’s something wrong with – at - Spurs.
Italy: Grosseto youth team coach Tommaso Casalini about Greta Thunberg on Facebook: "This whore! A 16-year-old can take a pounding, she’s at the right age". He has been sacked by the club.
Tuesday Champions League roundup: Icardi wins it for PSG while Juventus impress
Charlton Athletic release club statement following racist allegation in win over Leeds United on Saturday
Champions League 2019/20: Thiago Silva urges PSG to keep their focus on away trip to Galatasaray
Lukasz Fabianski: West Ham goalkeeper out for two months with hip injury
Thomas Partey house robbed while he was in Moscow ahead of tonight UCL clash |
UEFA Champions League matchday 2 of 6 - 01/10/2019 results &amp; Team news
'Who knows what will happen in the next year or two' - Ronaldo drops cryptic hint at retirement plans
Alexis: Back in love with football
Videos of Drunk English Soccer Player Mason Bennett Moments Before Crashing his Car go Viral
Most valuable player - Under 18
One of the most overrated players ever, Saido Berahino,
OFFICIAL: For every retweet of this tweet, the MLS will be donating $1 to childhood and adolescent cancer research.
Cardiff ordered to pay Nantes €6m over Emiliano Sala transfer - FIFA rules Welsh club must pay first instalment
ESPN+ acquires U.S. rights for the Bundesliga from 2020 to 2026
