LODGE 49’s L Marvin Metz craves your kind attention!
Zedd: "I just got permanently banned in China for liking a South Park tweet"
Joker Wild at Box Office (Again) as Will Smith’s ‘Gemini Man’ Flops
Lizzo adopts a rescue puppy after her show in Madison
Prince’s Estate Objects to Use Of Music At Donald Trump’s Minneapolis Rally
Robert Forster Dies: Academy Award Nominee Who Appeared In More Than 100 Films Was 78
Aubrey O'Day Looks 'Unrecognizable' Alongside Farrah Abraham at 'Marriage Boot Camp' Premiere.
Shepard Smith makes shocking announcement that he is leaving Fox News
Voila and Behold! The Pinnacle Of French Beauty And Sophistication!
Classic South Park Episodes that are Even More Relevant Today
Christmas season off to a rocky start as Dollywood sued over Charlie Brown song copyright
Tim Burton Launches 'Lost Vegas' Art Exhibit in the Desert City
‘Joker’ star Joaquin Phoenix does the unthinkable after accident with paramedics’ truck: report
‘Maniac Cop’ TV Series Reboot From Nicolas Winding Refn Picked Up By HBO &amp; Canal+
Jennifer Aniston wants less Marvel and more Meg Ryan.
Kevin Hart breaks silence after car accident, won't fully return to work until 2020
Alex Trebek Says He May Need To Leave Jeopardy Due To Cancer Complications
Guns N' Roses Ban Fan From Shows For Life Over His Alleged Involvement in Leaks of Unreleased Material
Brie Larson Says Marvel Women Have ‘Passionately’ Told Kevin Feige They Want All-Female Movie
Cuba Gooding Jr. Faces New Indictment for ‘Additional Incident’ in Groping Case
Michael Jackson Musical Is to Open on Broadway Next Summer
Joaquin Phoenix Tells Will Ferrell Why Children Are Like Bananas
Warner Bros. Declined to Screen Oliver Stone's "More Violent" Cut of 'Natural Born Killers' for Anniversary
Liam Hemsworth Holds Hands with Mystery Girl in NYC
Matt Lauer Accused of Raping NBC Colleague, Ronan Farrow Book Alleges
‘We’re kicking around some thoughts.’ Don Johnson hints at possible ‘Miami Vice’ reboot
The legacy of 'Natural Born Killers': Oliver Stone and Juliette Lewis on ultra-violence and media hysteria
Good Grief: Owners of Charlie Brown Song Sue Dollywood
From 'Gemini Man' to 'The Irishman': Dawn of the De-Aged Actor
'Training Day' Prequel in the Works at Warner Bros.
Prince Harry and Ed Sheeran release World Mental Health Day comedic video – not ginger or redhead awareness
'Riverdale' bid farewell to Luke Perry in emotional episode
'South Park' Leans Into China Censorship Controversy: "Fuck the Chinese Government!"
Cuba Gooding Jr. Trial to Begin in New York Court
USC Students Want John Wayne Exhibit Removed, Cite His “Enduring Legacy Of White Supremacy”
Matt Lauer Breaks His Silence on Rape Allegation, Calling Extramarital Encounter 'Consensual'.
Cuba Gooding Jr. Indicted for "Additional Incident" in Groping Case
Trump's firewall holds solid on Fox News' prime time
Reese Witherspoon and Kristen Bell, Susan Sarandon and Mark Ruffalo at odds over Ellen DeGeneres' plea for civility
Yellow-haired Muppet Karli helps 'Sesame Street' tackle addiction
Corey Feldman Says 'The Goonies' Sequel is Not Happening
How Harvey Weinstein pressured NBC over Matt Lauer’s alleged misconduct
Joker: Jared Leto Upset About Joaquin Phoenix Movie
Cuba Gooding Jr.'s sex abuse trial starts Thursday
Lori Loughlin Looking At “Higher Sentence” Than Felicity Huffman In College Bribery Scandal, U.S. Attorney Says
The Masked Singer Introduces the Last Four Contestants Before Unmasking and Booting One of Them
CBC will no longer work with Netflix to produce shows, says Catherine Tait
'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek says he's 'not afraid of dying'
Robert Downey Jr. Declined an Oscar Campaign for Avengers: Endgame
James Franco’s Acting Students Allege Sexual Exploitation – Variety
Ellen Degeneres Explains Hanging out with Her Friend George W. Bush
The Overreaction To ‘Joker,’ Explained
Eagles to Perform ‘Hotel California’ in Its Entirety on 2020 Tour
Jen Harley Seen With Nasty Bruises Following Ronnie Ortiz-Magro Fight.
'South Park' Scrubbed From Chinese Internet After Critical "Band in China" Episode
Ellen DeGeneres Responds to George Bush Photo Criticism
'Joker' shatters box office records with $234 million opening despite its controversial depiction of violence
Robert Downey Jr. Responds to Martin Scorsese’s Criticism of Marvel Movies
Elton John claims he once saw Queen Elizabeth slap her nephew
'South Park' creators issue a mocking 'apology' to China after the show was reportedly banned in the country
Netflix’s The Irishman heading to Broadway after major theaters refuse to screen it
Hilarie Burton and Jeffrey Dean Morgan Secretly Got Married This Weekend
Why Exactly is Rose Tico Being Removed From Star Wars Merchandise?
Rip Taylor, Flamboyant Comic and Host of 'The $1.98 Beauty Show,' Dies at 84
Ellen DeGeneres watched football with George W Bush and people are furious
Iran's 'Zombie Angelina Jolie' Instagram Star Arrested for Blasphemy
Ginger Baker, wild and brilliant Cream drummer, dies aged 80
'The West Wing' Turns 20: How Aaron Sorkin’s Political Drama Happened by Accident
Box Office Success: How 'Joker' Overcame a "Hard" R-Rating and Security Worries
Martin Scorsese Marvel comment: Samuel L. Jackson and other stars respond to Martin Scorsese's comments about Marvel movies
Blake Lively Gives Birth, Welcomes Baby No. 3 With Ryan Reynolds
Matthew Broderick Plays Mike Pompeo On 'SNL,' And Suddenly It All Seems Bearable
Kansas University issues apology after Snoop Dogg performance with pole dancers and a money gun
Why Eddie Murphy’s Comeback Rings Truer Than Kanye West’s
Malik Yoba: ‘I’m Not Gay’, ‘I like women with breasts and penises’ | Sandra Rose
‘Jersey Shore’ star Ronnie Ortiz-Magro tasered, arrested on charges of kidnapping
Martin Scorsese says Marvel movies are 'not cinema'
Oprah Winfrey, Samuel L. Jackson and More Attend Tyler Perry's New Studio Gala
Ellie Kemper Gives Birth to 2nd Child With Husband Michael Koman
History behind how Disney+ has all those 80s/90s Marvel animated shows. Woah.
Monty Python at 50: a half-century of silly walks, edible props and dead parrots
Actor James Franco Sued For Allegedly Exploiting Women Over "Nudity Requirements"
Is Hasbro the top independent "media" company with that much (potentially) popular IP? (Marvel of this era?)
Disney bans Netflix ads from all of its TV channels except ESPN, according to The Wall Street Journal. | Disney+, the company’s Netflix competitor, will launch Nov. 12. Disney is also reportedly battling Amazon over ad terms.
'Avengers: Endgame’ Oscar Campaign Begins, But No Push for Robert Downey Jr.
'South Park' Episode Mocks Hollywood for Shaping Stories to Please China
Diahann Carroll, first black woman to star in non-servant role in TV series, dies at 84
Rachel Maddow Joins The CW's 'Batwoman'
Disney Bans Netflix Ads as Streaming’s Marketing Wars Intensify
'Julia' And 'A Different World' Star Diahann Carroll Dead At 84
'The Rock' surprised a 100-year-old fan with a serenade - CNN Video
Justin Bieber Fires Back at PETA Over His Purchase of Luxury Part-Exotic Cats
Ronnie Ortiz-Magro Said He and Jen Harley Have 'Strong Love for Each Other' Hours Before Arrest.
Comedian Andy Dick Charged With Groping Driver in West Hollywood
Jordan Peele's Company Sued Over Alleged Trespassing While Filming Nazi Hunter Series
Judge denies bail for R. Kelly in NYC sex-abuse case
2 Women Say James Franco’s Acting School Sexually Exploited Them
'The Friends Effect' on Learning the English Language
After Tekashi 6ix9ine Testified Against Them, Two of His Former Fellow Gang Members Found Guilty
Joaquin Phoenix on Joker, Rooney, and River
Jeremy Clarkson calls teen climate activist Greta Thunberg a 'spoilt brat' who makes him 'sick'
The Sky Is Pink - Discussion , Reviews and Box office
Read before posting - Posting and Commenting Guidelines
So excited for this! No one interviews better than SRK. Perfect choice to represent India and Bollywood abroad.
I was told to upload it here. Made an art by using the poster of movie "Black" as blueprint. Hope you guys like it!. I love the movie and misses it.
Appreciation post: Kal Ho Naa Ho
NFDC launches streaming service - CINEMAS OF INDIA. The catalogue has niche and arthouse Indian films. Membership starts from ₹149 for 1 month and ₹599 for 1 year. Films can also be rented for ₹60 per film.
Lmao this delusional page, calls Super 30 underrated and goes on saying it is underrated because it is flop.(even after 150cr+)
Scene: The Coach of India | Chak De India | [One of the best SRK films in my opinion]
Rakesh Roshan ropes in Sanjay Gupta to direct Hrithik Roshan in Krrish 4? ByBollywood Hungama
Yash Raj Films to co-produce Luv Ranjan’s next starring Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor
The Mythical World of Tumbaad- Explained.
The exact moment when film star Rekha became a villain in vermilion (and it wasn’t in ‘Silsila’)
Fittrat | Official Trailer | Krystle D'Souza | Aditya Seal | Anushka Ranjan | ALTBalaji
Ram Prasad Ki Tehrvi - A glimpse
HT Brunch Cover Story: Over the top and on point with Shyam Benegal
Judgementall Hai Kya - Tauba Tauba | One of the the very few remake song of this year that was done right
The first poster of the film Sheer Qorma is out. Featuring Divya Dutta and Swara Bhasker, the poster looks pure, serene and divine.
I am inspired by real people’ Govind Namdev
Actor versatility
What are your views on film clashes these days? Also how much would you be willing to spend on films on a single day/weekend?
SSR signs 3 film deal with Sajid Nadiawala
Aamir is a cult classic, this gentleman called it first.
Akshay Kumar, Ayushmann Khurrana, Rahi Barve, Ranveer Singh, Zoya Akhtar and more in Film Companion's entertainment disruptors of 2019
End Credit Song From "The Sky Is Pink" is made by Aisha's Brother
Vicky Kaushal: Right kind of criticism important for actors - Times of India
Started watching SOTY2 and in the first 10 mins felt SOTY1 was a classic.
Bobby Deol to star in Prakash Jha's MX Player show 'Dera'
Motichoor Chaknachoor trailer featuring Nawazuddin Siddiqui | Athiya Shetty
MAMI Mumbai Film Festival - Definitive Guide for Beginners
All Languages Ranked By National Best Film Awards (1953 - 2019)
If the only thing you could ever watch for the rest of your life .....
Toyota India Ads ft. Shivaji Satam a.k.a. ACP Pradyuman
Batla House is now streaming on Amazon Prime Video.
‘I love him, he loves me’: When Rekha opened up on her relationship with Amitabh Bachchan
Mohammad Rafi Live - Kya Hua Tera Wada | Movie: Hum Kisise Kum Naheen (1977)
Am I seeing it right ?🧐
On Amitabh Bachchan's Birthday, A Look At His 10 Best Posts
Surekha Sikri on why a brain stroke has limited her film roles after Badhaaai Ho, and winning her third National Award
Made my own r/terriblefandommemes. Hope you like it.
Singham, Simmba and Suryavanshi
How to know if a movie is censored in India ?
1978 : Interview with Amitabh Bachchan | Actor | Indian Cinema | Doordarshan
What is up with the similarities between Bala and Ujda Chaman?
Ranbir's look for Shamshera leaks
Anybody know this movie name?
First poster for Ayushmann’s next, Bala!!!!
Priyanka Chopra Jonas &amp; Jimmy Can't Sit Still While Eating Spicy Wings w/ Sean Evans (Hot Ones)
An Act of Faith: Saving The Apu Trilogy
Priyanka Chopra Hollywood film
David Dhawan releases two movies on the same day???
Salman’s next to be called “Radhe: India’s Most Wanted Cop”
Ayushmann Khuranna's formula
SAAND KI AANKH is exempted from SGST in Rajasthan.
Life isn't simple even if you are a Greek God.
Saif Ali Khan’s next web series Tandav based on Indian politics, will be on the lines of House of Cards
BALA - Official Trailer.
I am actually kind of excited for the movie Drive
Check out the similarities
Tiger zinda hai query
Yami Gautam’s poster for Bala
Class of 2002
Sacred Games S02 was a let down admits Saif Ali Khan
Satellite Shankar Poster
Chameli ki shaadi
What if Drive (Shushant-Jacqueline's movie) turns out to be not half as bad as we expect it to be?
Marjaavaan: Ek Toh Kum Zindagani
Karma- Drive | Jacqueline Fernandez, Sushant Singh Rajput
War Box Office Collection Day 8: Hrithik and Tiger film maintains high occupancy
Bhushan Kumar shifts Marjaavaan release date to make way for Bala
Class of 2012
Rahul on War
Is Vidyut Jamwal Under-Utilized?
Of all movie opening scenes, which one sold the entire film?
Sandeep Vanga's next movie is confirmed to be a Crime Drama. Produced by Kabir Singh team (Bhushan Kumar and Murad Khetani). Cast to be announced soon.
Bhumi Pednekar poster for “Bala”
The Naari Naari Song: Made in China
Class Of 2001
I think SLB has made Deepika Padukone a worse actress
Does anyone know what movie is this from?
Mission Mangal now streaming on Hotstar
What movies would be a lot shorter if the main character just did what the fuck they were told?
David Letterman ft. Shah Rukh Khan | My Next Guest Needs No Introduction | Netflix India
So I Watched War Yesterday ,
Laal Kaptaan: The new Dussehra special poster
KANTA BAI- Tonny Kakkar | Karishma Sharma | Kanta Bai Mere Kamre Mein Chupke Chupke Aayi
Ayan Mukerji | Wake Up Sid | My First Film | Film Companion
My Take On The 64th Filmfare Awards (Best Film)
Deepika Padukone &amp; Ranveer Singh MASTI At Film 83 Party | Bollywood Popular (3:36)
Bollywood themed NYE party outdoors, not warm, what to wear?
Laila Majnu deserved better.
Is there something like criterion available in India?
War has minted 200 Cr in Just 7 Days.
😂😂
Good Hindi songs to listen
Zindagi - The Sky is Pink
Dish TV India partners with Amazon Prime Video
What is a film you never throught you would like but ended up liking/loving?
EIC vs Bollywood ft. Priyanka Chopra
Question about WAR:
After Bang Bang and WAR, Siddharth Anand is coming up with Rambo which is again an Action Movie. Did Bollywood ever had a director who is an action movie specialist or is it Sid Anand turning out to be the first one.
What are some movie scenes that you found funny that weren’t supposed to be funny?
Indians Are Going to the Movies to Escape Slowing Economy, Cinema Owner Says
Comedy Film Starring Samwell Tarly Actor From Game of Thrones | ROGER
Dystopian Short Film | Lifeline
Winston Duke Repping Nigeria, Chima Anyaso And Other News
Instagram TV (IGTV) Is Good News For All Video Content Creators
Keanu Reeves &amp;#8211; Secretly transforming lives of cancer patients
Top 7 En Güzel Hollywood Yıldızları - Top 7 Most Beautiful Hollywood Act...
Jim Carrey on Bhagavad Gita
BURNING THE AIRWAVES FROM EAST TO WEST: SEAN “HOLLYWOOD” HAMILTON
8 Celebrities Who Went To Jail
x Robert Wagner Opens up About His Wife Natalie Wood’s Death — "I Blame Myself" (EXCLUSIVE)
Is Sylvester Stallone dead?
Rose McGowan's Ex-Manager Dies by Suicide—and Her Family Slams McGowan and Harvey Weinstein
Kardashian Babies See Adorable Pics Of Chicago
I hate You, I love You - lyrics Video Song - Bindass Entertainment
Harley Quinn and Joker scenes from Suicide Squad 2016 1080p BluRay
Brad Goreski marries is longtime partner Gary Janetti
Jurassic World - Fallen Kingdom Official Trailer Released
Marvel Studios Avengers Infinity War Official Trailer in urdu
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALEX FROM ALPHADESTINY! MY HOLLYWOOD TRANSFORMATION S...
Indian gossip
X-Men: Apocalypse Actor &amp; Actress With Family - Family Photos of X-Men: ...
MOHANLAL'S HOLLYWOOD MOVIE
While not as prevalent, men are also harassed &amp; made to feel powerless, Especially within #Hollywood. #harrassment
Which Celebrities Born And Died In Bollywood On 21st September
The New Miley :)
Hollywood’s pay gap: is the film industry becoming more equal?
Michael Phelps is about to race an actual great white shark
Dunkrik Movie Review/Rating and Box office Collection Report - QuintDaily
#Girls trip
Rakhi Sawant Interview 2017
Adventure full movies Great Fantasy
Five Hollywood Celebrities Who Own Private Jets. | Bhai-Bhai
Daily Fitness Routine of Baywatch Actor Zac Efron.
Direct Download Hollywood Action Mp4 Full Tv SHow
Logan full movie HD live on​ YouTube
Miley Cyrus New Video For Malibu (Total Love)
Is the New 'Wonder Woman' Trailer Enough to Make You Remember There's a New 'Wonder Woman' Movie?
Sony makes Idris Elba and Matthew McConaughey fight just to release the Dark Tower trailer
Kesha dresses down in a distressed T-shirt for workout
Game of Thrones Season 7: Official Teaser #2: Sigils
'Last Man on Earth' Imagines a Future Without Trump
Logan Official Trailer 1 (2017) - Hugh Jackman Movie
Keira Knightly One of the Richest Hollywood Actresses
Alec Baldwin gets only paid $1,400, so little for his amazing Trump impression
Brad Pitt is still Britney Spears' celebrity crush
Famous Hollywood heroes - then n now
Angelina Jolie has blocked Brad Pitt's number
4 Expensive Things To Expect From The Brangelina Divorce
Jason Bourne watch online movie
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARNOLD
You won't believe how fat these 10 celebrities got!
The Perfect Match Watch online free
Watch online free The Angry Birds Movie
Watch online Hollywood film Warcraft 2016
Marauders 2016 Online Free Full Movie
Independence Day Resurgence 2016 Watch Online Free
The Shallows 2016 Watch online free
Watch Online Free The Legend of Tarzan (2016)
BANE Dark Knight Rises Leather Coat now available in our online store Eagleoutfits
Element 2016 Film Online Free
A Bigger Splash Online Free Full Movie
Terrordactyl 2016 Online Free Full Movie
Demolition Watch online free full movie
Everybody Wants Some Watch Online Free
Sumner Redstone Visits Paramount Lot Amid Viacom Legal Battle
Watch online bollywood film Tamasha | HD Watch Free
Met Gala: Beyoncé, Rihanna, &amp; More — The Sexiest &amp; Barest Looks Of All Time
No Bad Blood Despite Comparison; Bradley Cooper Commends Jennifer Lawrence Gender Wage Gap Essay
Victorias Secret Fashion Demonstrate 2014Bollywood
Lady Gaga suffers nasty fall off stage during Las Vegas concert
Stephen Colbert Extends CBS Contract To Host ‘The Late Show’ Through August 2023
Elton John Calls ‘The Lion King’ Remake ‘Huge Disappointment': ‘They Messed the Music Up’
Jonah Hill declines opportunity to get the crap killed out of him by The Batman
The men behind GirlsDoPorn lured young women with modeling jobs, then tricked them into porn, FBI says. The website allegedly made $17 million by specializing in “amateur porn” starring nervous first-timers
Jennifer Aniston broke the Guinness World Records title for the fastest time to reach one million followers, in 5 hours and 16 minutes on Instagram.
Disney to work with Chinese writer to produce stories for Chinese Audience
We'll Finally Be Able to Stream Studio Ghibli Films! | The iconic, Oscar-winning anime studio just struck a deal with HBO Max!
'The Batman' Casts Paul Dano as The Riddler
'South Park' mocked LeBron James over his comments about China
Edward Norton with an unexpected hot take on the Netflix vs cinemas debate: "It’s the theater chains that are destroying the theatrical experience. [...] They are delivering crappy sound and a dim picture, and no one is calling them on it."
The Studio Ghibli movies are coming to HBO Max
'Mayans M.C.' and 'Sons of Anarchy' Creator Kurt Sutter Fired From FX for Being an "Abrasive Dick"
Studio Ghibli Films Will Exclusively Stream on HBO Max
‘The Matrix 4’: Jada Pinkett Smith In Negotiations To Return To Franchise
These are all the celebrities who knew about Harvey Weinstein's treatment of women before it was reported in the press, according to Ronan Farrow's new book....Ben Affleck, Colin Firth, Lena Dunham, Susan Sarandon, Brett Ratner, Donna Gigliotti, Quentin Tarantino
‘Fight Club’ at 20: The Twisted Joys of David Fincher’s Toxic-Masculinity Sucker Punch
‘The Lion King’ Will Not Compete for Best Animated Feature Oscar
Oscars 2020 Race: 32 Animated Features Submitted for Consideration
'Mr. Robot' gears up toward finish, while 'The Walking Dead' lumbers along
'Tarzan' star Ron Ely's son Cameron identified as suspect in mother's killing: authorities
Avengers' Paul Rudd has no time for Scorsese's Marvel comments
Exactly How Gwen Stefani Makes 50 Look 30
Mark Zuckerberg Defends Facebook as "Bastion of Free Speech"
‘Bone’: Netflix Will Animate Jeff Smith’s Acclaimed Comic Book Epic
Ryan Reynolds Shares the First Photo of His and Blake Lively's Newborn Daughter
Endeavor Officially Withdraws Intent to Go Public
Actress Gina Rodriguez comes under fire over her use of the n-word
Nicole Kidman, Skarsgard Brothers in Talks to Star in Viking Revenge Film from Robert Eggers
Elton John Ethers ‘The Lion King’ Remake (Beyhive Not Happy)
Forbes top earning entertainers
The Curious Case of ‘Wonderwall’ and What It Might Say About the Future of Streaming
Crispin Glover Explains Why He'll Never Attend a Back to the Future Reunion
'Pose' Star Billy Porter Cast As The Fairy Godmother In Sony's Live-Action 'Cinderella'
Taika Waititi on Scorsese's Marvel Comments: "Of Course It's Cinema"
Robert Forster: 1941-2019
In Arrow’s promising final season premiere, Oliver pays a visit to Pottersville
Joker Is Warner Bros.' Highest Grossing Movie of the Year Worldwide
Kevin Feige Named Chief Creative Officer of Marvel
Joker Could Reach $1 Billion but ‘Gemini Man’ is a Box-Office Disaster
Fight Breaks Out During 'Joker' Screening at Burbank Theater
Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige Adds Marvel Chief Creative Officer Title; He’ll Oversee All Creative &amp; Story Initiatives
Actor Cuba Gooding Jr to plead not guilty to new charges in groping case: lawyer
Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame's 2020 nominees include Whitney Houston, Nine Inch Nails, Notorious B.I.G., and more
K-pop star Sulli found dead aged 25
Felicity Huffman Reports to Prison to Serve College Admissions Scandal Sentence
A ‘Sesame Street’ character’s mom has an addiction. Experts say that’s a valuable lesson.
Jennifer Aniston Makes Instagram Debut With 'Friends' Reunion
Jeremy Renner's Ex-Wife Accuses Him of Threatening to Kill Her in New Custody Filing: Report
Notorious B.I.G., Whitney Houston, Nine Inch Nails Nominated for Rock Hall of Fame 2020
Martin Scorsese Says Cinemas Are Being "Invaded" by "Theme Park" Films
Jeremy Renner's ex-wife Sonni Pacheco accuses him of drug abuse, threatening to kill her
Katy Perry and ‘Dark Horse’ Collaborators Appeal Plagiarism Judgment
Jennifer Aniston Joins Instagram With Photo of ‘Friends’ Cast
I’m Paul Giamatti, "thespian" and executive producer of AMC’s LODGE 49! I’m wicked excited and just over the moon to be talking with you guys about all things LODGE: so take it away, my friends and AMA!
Zoe Kravitz to Play Catwoman in ‘The Batman’
Steven Spielberg Battles White Supremacy in the Age of Trump| The legendary filmmaker—along with Alex Gibney—serves as executive producer of “Why We Hate,” a new six-part docuseries examining the causes (and possible solutions) to bigotry.
Scarlett Johansson ‘Pushing’ for All-Women Marvel Movie
Disney+ launch lineup: Every movie and TV show available to stream in the US on day one
‘RBG’ Producer To Shine Spotlight On Broadway In New Documentary
Ronan Farrow’s Target Isn’t Harvey Weinstein – It’s NBC News: a Media #MeToo
Quentin Tarantino Mourns Robert Forster: "One Less Square Shooter"
K-pop star and actress Sulli dies at 25
Debbie Harry may have been on Versace killer’s hit list
Queen Latifah to Receive Harvard Black Culture Award
Eddie Van Halen Traveling to Germany for Throat Cancer Treatment
hello! thespian paul giamatti speaking: i will be doing an AMA for my show LODGE 49 on AMC! tomorrow, MONDAY OCTOBER 14th at 12:30PM EST! in r/television! it'd be awesome if you could join! thank you!
Megan Fox Shares Rare Photos of Her 3 Kids with Brian Austin Green During Disneyland Outing.
The exodus of talent from Hollywood studios to streamers is stunning. We mapped it
15 Stars Who Imagined Violence Against Donald Trump, From Kathy Griffin to Pearl Jam (Photos)
Transgender Activist Mentioned In Dave Chappelle’s ‘Sticks &amp; Stones’ Netflix Special Dies
Are these end times for binge culture? - "After years in ascendance, streaming services are leaning away from, if not wholly abandoning, the binge"
Dolly Parton marks 50 years as Grand Ole Opry member
Grammy winner Zedd 'permanently banned' from China after liking 'South Park' tweet, musician claims
'Joker' Movie Gets a Hilarious SNL Parody With Oscar the Grouch and Sesame Street Characters
The Beatles came to Hong Kong in June 1964, and screaming teenagers welcomed the Fab Four at Kai Tak airport. A reporter asked Paul McCartney if he would like to go to China and he replied 'I thought this was China.’
Alex Trebek Reveals He's 'Nearing the End' of His Life Amid Cancer Battle, Complications
Paul Giamatti's Mesmerizing Performance On 'Lodge 49': A Guide
‘Lies of Leaving Neverland’ pokes holes in the stories of MJ’s accusers
'SNL' Announces Chance the Rapper as Host, Musical Guest for Oct. 26 Episode
5 Rappers Removed from Rolling Loud New York Following NYPD Letter
Ronan Farrow’s writing partner agrees NBC went easy on Harvey Weinstein to protect Matt Lauer
Laal Kaptaan - Reviews, Discussions and Box office
Sometimes, Rishi Kapoor can be everyone’s drunk uncle on Twitter! :P
Bhai + Prabhudeva. Eid 2020.
Just noticed that “bagwati” got an acting credit in Zindagi Ana Milegi Dobara!
Is Bollywood now hijacking the job of voiceover artists?
Chocolate Boy who? (Pardon my editing skills.)
Anil Kapoor as WiFi Bhai in Pagalpanti
India's First Anime--KARMACHAKRA
Drive - Official Trailer | Jacqueline Fernandez, SSR, Pankaj Tripathi | Netflix India
Which movie had best styled characters ?
Guess the movie
Don’t Be Shy - Bala | Ayushmann | Badshah | Yami | Bhumi | Shalmali | Gurdeep | Sachin - Jigar
After Rashmika Madanna opts out of Shahid Kapoor's Jersey remake, makers approach Mrunal Thakur
Unparalleled BGM
Bhai’s Eid 2020 announcement + new Dabangg 3 motion poster!
Urvashi Rautela as Kavya in Pagalpanti
Thodi Jagah from Marjaavaan | Arijit Singh
John Abraham as Raj Kishore in Pagalpanti
'Wonder Woman' Gal Gadot Hosted A Surprise Birthday Dinner For Ali Fazal "Ab ye wo Guddu Bhaiya nahi rahe jo libir libir karte the😂" #Mirzapur
What was I thinking?
How did Tabu fit her husband into a suitcase in the movie Andhadhun?
Indian Bollywood legend Shahrukh Khan at the JOY Awards in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Karva Chauth
Lesser-known film: 'Chintu Ka Birthday' is a sweet little idea that will make you both laugh and cry. Watch it at Matterden, Lower Parel on 19 and 20 October (INR 110/150/220 per ticket)
What a fanboy moment! 😍
Can an amazing (or good) soundtrack salvage a bad movie?
Pulkit Samrat as Chandu in Pagalpanti
Is Rohit Shetty adding new characters in Akshay Kumar - Katrina Kaif starrer SOORYAVANSHI
War will cross *lifetime biz* of #Dhoom3 today [Wed]... Will cross #Sultan over the weekend...
Twinkle Twinkle Video | Ujda Chaman | Sunny Singh, Maanvi Gagroo | Tochi Raina | Gourov-Roshin
How much of an impact does piracy have on the Indian film industry?
Remembering one of the finest actresses Smita Patil on her 64th birth anniversary. An actress who defied norms and whose portrayals were remembered for their sheer depth. From a TV announcer to an acclaimed actor, she was youngest film artist honoured with Padma Shri Award.
Ravening &amp; a new culture of horror
Evolution of Bollywood Music | Uploaded in 2014
Trademark characters of actors/actresses
Most famous dialogues from 70s and 80s movies
Drive Releasing November 1st
Kabhi Kabhi toh lagta hai Tripathy hi bhagwan hai !! (OC)
Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt off to Manali for the latest schedule of Brahmastra
Why does a good movie like Piku has such blatant Product Placements?
Saif Ali Khan on destroying the KHANS, missing Race 3, Kareena, Sara, Ibrahim, Taimur | Laal Kaptaan
#MeToo: Wolf Of Bollywood’ Is A Sleazefest Masquerading As A TV Show
10 AMAZING movies you must see!
Kuch Kuch Hota Hai turns 21 today! The OG Indian How I Met Your Mother
Why Chhote Nawab is the most exciting Khan, who is blazing his way like a dark horse
War crossed $4M mark in North America BoxOffice. Can it make it $5M ?
The Family Man : A review
Krrish
Rahul Raut on Twitter: Aamir Khan greenlights #VikramVedha remake with Saif Ali Khan... Postpones Subhash Kapoor's #Mogul to shoot this suspense thriller first! *EXCLUSIVE*
Siddharth Anand And Sridhar Raghavan On Everything You Need To Know About War
I guess Mrunal Thakur was on point here. Nepotism is booming because of the media otherwise who cares what Taimur ate for dinner tonight.
New strategy to promote movies
Comparisons with Ayushmann won’t bother me: Sunny Singh on Ujda Chaman and Bala
Pati Patni Aur Woh director: ‘Our film shares nothing with original other than its title and logline’
Don't trust the IMDB ratings of any ALTBalaji shows.
Chhappad Phaad Ke Trailer | Releasing on 18 October | Vinay Pathak, Siddharth Menon, Ayesha Raza
Is Bhool Bhulaiyaa a horror movie or a psychological thriller ?
Why Milap Zaveri Went From Making Sex Comedies To Angry, Violent Films
Just came across Sushant Singh Rajput's upcoming movies on IMDB. I somehow feel the number of movies this guy has in pipeline is probably more than the entire career of Arjun Kapoor.
MAMI 2019 Day One Hindi Releases (18 Oct)
Pam lost her Godddamn mind
Exclusive: Sanjay Leela Bhansali announces his new film Gangubai Kathiawadi. Stars Alia Bhatt in title role. | Release Date: 11 Sept 2020
War 2, who should be the second male lead cast alongside Hrithik?
Old print advertisement starring Gabbar
"I like heroines who are hari bhari. Chusa hua aam na lagey" - Akshay Kumar
Has Yash Raj Finally Embraced Gay Desire With War?
Satellite Shankar Official Trailer | Suraj Pancholi | Megha Akash
What's your favorite "I did not see that coming" movie moment?
War vs Dabangg 3 for HGOTY
Dharma family dramas vs Rajshri family dramas.
Radhika Apte on censorship of web content: We are all so extreme, we are trying to ban everything
Once Upon A Time In Bollywood ft. Randhir Kapoor with Bhawna Somaaya
'Judgementall Hai Kya' now streaming on Zee5
Housefull-4 The Bhoot song
Adaptations and Bollywood
Joker Trailer Ft Salman Khan
Saif Ali Khan: You need to be mad to be able to make a film like Laal Kaptaan
Pati Patni aur Woh Cast Poster
Sandeep Reddy Vanga on Kabir Singh-inspired ‘Tik Tok villain’ killing woman: ‘My films don’t support murder’
Farah khan has ventured into the world of Web series with the help of Flipkart
‘Judgementall’ Would Be a Blockbuster If Made Without Me: Kangana
In The Directors' Locker Room | Anupama Chopra | Rajeev Masand | Jio MAMI Movie Mela with Star
Phehla Nasha - Probably one of the best 90s love song
'Saand Ki Aankh' to close the 2019 MAMI Mumbai film festival
Premiere of Dil Se | Flashback
Sajid Khan sends legal notice to makers for not giving him due credit for Housefull 4
Divya Dutta talks about doing glamorous roles, dealing with depression and 25 years journey in Bollywood
Pick your top 3
Found this on Fox Star’s Twitter, what did you guys get?
Official Bollywood Weekly Discussion Thread
Weathering With You Indian Box Office figures if any?
Salman Set for Wanted Sequel Without Boney Kapoors consent
The "Khan" i like most
Janvi Kapoor Wants Female Kabir Singh and Joker : Should Have Less Sanitised Roles For Women
Interview with 'Chintu Ka Birthday' directors (by Matterden)
Rajkummar Rao to star in the remake of cult comedy Chupke Chupke
Film based on the incredible lives of NR Narayana Murthy and his wife Sudha Murthy announced.
Here’s a picture I never knew I needed
Why T-series why are remixing classics (in case you don't see the picture they are remaking 'Yaad piya ki aane lagi')
Cargo Official Teaser | Vikrant Massey | Shweta Tripathi | Arati Kadav
Bollywood unique scripts a myth?
