https://www.checkpoint.com/downloads/products/sandblast-network-solution-brief.pdf

CAN YOU DEFEND AGAINST ZERO-DAY THREATS?
Every day, 8,3001 new, previously undiscovered cyber attacks emerge, including
zero-day malware, zero-day phishing and social engineering attacks. With no
associated file signatures, anti-virus, firewalls and other core security solutions
cannot identify them as malicious and block them from entering the network. In
fact, even the best AV solutions detect only half of malware strains in the wild.
With no existing indicators of compromise (IOCs), how do you protect against what
you do not know?
COMMON NETWORK SECURITY APPROACHES HAVE LIMITATIONS
To protect against zero-day threats, organizations use several approaches.
These include:
• Conventional sandboxing solutions, which are susceptible to malware evasion
techniques, and by default, are configured to let malware enter the network before
analysis is complete.
• Endpoint security, which has its advantages but cannot protect datacenters running
dedicated servers and enterprise IoT, such as cameras, elevators and HVAC
systems—for which the network perimeter often serves as the only line of defense.
• A detection-first strategy that mainly relies on incident response, which is expensive,
and often kicks in after the damage is already done.
With such critical limitations, how can you protect your network from zero-day threats?
CHECK POINT SANDBLAST NETWORK
– NUMBER ONE IN ZERO-DAY PROTECTION
Check Point SandBlast Network provides the world’s best2 zero-day protection,
through a combination of evasion-resistant threat emulation, revolutionary AI engines
and threat extraction that pre-emptively sanitizes email and web downloads.
Empowering organizations to take a prevention-first strategy to cyberattacks,
SandBlast Network defends against the most devastating attacks, including unknown
ransomware, Trojans, phishing and social engineering.
SandBlast Network deploys with your current infrastructure, offering fully automated
policy configuration, without compromising business productivity and agility.

BEST ZERO-DAY CATCH RATE
To achieve the world’s best malware catch rate at record speed,
SandBlast Network employs numerous innovative, proprietary
technologies. These include pre-emptive user protections, a vast network
of up-to-the-moment threat intelligence and revolutionary AI
and non-AI engines.
Pre-emptive User Protections
To protect users across email and web, SandBlast network employs
pre-emptive user protections, namely threat extraction and advanced
email protections.
• SandBlast Threat Extraction promptly delivers clean and
reconstructed versions of potentially malicious files that are received by
email or downloaded from the web. Maintaining uninterrupted business
flow, while emulation continues in the background, SandBlast Threat
Extraction eliminates unacceptable delays created by traditional
sandboxes, offering a practical prevention-first strategy that blocks
malicious content from reaching users at all. SandBlast Threat
Extraction instantly cleans web downloads and email with the industry’s
only fully integrated document and image sanitization solution.
• Advanced Email Protections – With emails accounting for 94% of
worldwide breaches3, defending against phishing, business email
compromise (BEC), social engineering and other email-based threats
has become imperative. SandBlast Network protects users against
these threats, using Threat Extraction to eliminate risk from all
incoming email, as well as vetting all aspects of email messages
before they enter your users’ mailbox, including email attachments,
email links, sender and recipient details and the text within. To this
end, SandBlast Network evaluates over 300 parameters per email with
multiple innovative technologies and rules-based engines, that include
Natural Language Processing (NLP), Threat Emulation, AI-based
phishing protection, AI-based fraud protection, URL reputation,
emulating clicks on links and Click-Time Protection (also called URL
rewriting) which analyzes and blocks malicious links in real time, as
they are clicked.
ThreatCloud – Dynamic Threat Intelligence Repository
Comprising the largest repository of real-time, security intelligence—
utilized in four billion security decisions daily—Check Point ThreatCloud
examines suspicious files and emails with breakthrough AI engines to
determine if they are malicious or benign.
Powering SandBlast Network’s zero day protection, including antiphishing and safe browsing, ThreatCloud gleans cyber attack data from:
• Hundreds of millions of protected assets worldwide across cloud,
endpoints and networks
• Over 100,000 security gateways
• Top notch research by Check Point Research Labs
• The industry’s best threat intelligence feeds

AI-Generated Threat Emulation Verdicts
Inspecting files and emails for which no threat intelligence exists, SandBlast Network performs deep CPU-level emulation
that is resistant to the most evasive attacks, even by nation states. It also employs OS-level inspection to examine a
broad range of file types, including executables and documents, and emulates threats across PC and Mac devices,
ensuring the best zero-day protection for all enterprise users.
SandBlast Network leverages the power of data science to detect the newest threats with exhaustive AI engines and rich
rule-based engines that process millions of parameters collected from runtime behaviors—reaching a single conclusive
AI-generated verdict. AI heuristics are continually optimized against the latest threats unleashed to the wild.
INTUITIVE MANAGEMENT
SandBlast Network offers single click setup4 of security policies thanks to out-of-the-box best practice profiles that eliminate
the need to manually configure policies for each network segment, e.g. data center, guest network, perimeter, internal
network etc. Network settings are optimized per business need to provide the most effective security while maintaining
optimal network performance. By only deploying policies that are relevant to the specific network segment being protected,
organizations save on bandwidth and processing power for a more cost-effective zero-day protection strategy.
And thanks to auto-updated threat prevention engines, organizations always run with the latest features, best practice policies
and technology, as these are automatically updated in the background, with no need to push policy updates manually.
Supports Current SIEM and SOC Workflows
SandBlast Network offers advanced network forensics and actionable intelligence that integrate with your SIEM and SOC
infrastructure, enabling security teams to:
• Quickly integrate logs and forensic reports into their SIEM platform
• Enforce private threat intelligence in SandBlast Network
• Accelerate investigation and time-to-remediation with advanced forensics
• Gain visibility into zero-day phishing and malware targeting the network, including malware families, MITRE
ATT&CK techniques used and much more
• Build confidence in a prevention-first strategy through insights and transparency
Compliance and Reporting
Serving as the gold standard for efficient security management, Check Point’s R80 console provides enterprise and
government-grade compliance and reporting, including:
• Compliance – Easy-to-use best practices, mapped to a broad array of regulatory mandates, offer full visibility into your
compliance stance with actionable configuration guidelines, and instant alerts that apprise of any policy changes in real time
• Logging and Reporting – Generate audit-ready reports, view logs online, integrate them right into your log server or
SIEM with our broad integration ecosystem, or export them as needed
SMOOTH BUSINESS PRODUCTIVITY
SandBlast Network is the only zero-day protection solution that does not compromise business productivity, enabling a
true prevention-first strategy. Letting users maintain their current email and browsing workflows, SandBlast Threat
Extraction cleans email attachments and web downloads in 1.5 seconds, while slashing administration overhead by
up to 70%. .
Thanks to blazing-speed, AI-generated Threat Emulation verdicts, Sandblast Network protects user activity across email,
web and networks, for powerful zero-day protection against multiple attack vectors.