https://www.keysight.com/in/en/assets/7019-0096/case-studies/Hyper-Box-Tackles-Attack-Traffic-with-Ixia-ThreatARMOR.pdf


HYPER BOX TACKLES
ATTACK TRAFFIC WITH
IXIA THREATARMOR
Hyper Box, a veteran of the Japanese Internet industry, had
been suffering in recent years from a glut of cyberattacks. Since
they were unable to utilize powerful security devices over the
shared network provided by their service, they were forced to
constantly check logs and manually respond to attacks on a
daily basis. As a result, Hyper Box was interested in learning
how Ixia ThreatARMOR delivers on its promise of filtering
known bad IP addresses and minimizing SIEM alerts.
Hyper Box’s strength is its robust support structure, concentrated
at its data centers in Tokyo. Known in the industry for its low-cost,
high-quality hosting services, Hyper Box is Japan’s first domestic
enterprise to provide telephone assistance 24 hours a day, 365
days a year. Know-how and years of technical experience allow
Hyper Box to support a wide range of users.
SHIFTING FROM MANUAL TO AUTOMATED
RESPONSES TO MASSIVE ATTACK TRAFFIC
Hyper Box had been suffering from the cyberattacks, like many of
the domestic and international service providers. The onslaught of
attack traffic into the network has increased every year. Finding
ways to counter it was becoming increasingly challenging. Attack
traffic would sometimes cause the server to crash entirely, making
it necessary to take extra measures to protect user systems.

Essential security infrastructures, such as firewalls or IDSs, were
in place. However, unlike the networks of private enterprises,
shared networks providing services to users are unable to
adopt aggressive measures for counterattacks due to the risk of
blocking user communication.
As a result, Mr. Naoya Matsuura, who oversees network and
security operations in the Engineering department at Hyper Box,
resorted to taking manual countermeasures to the massive
attack traffic.
SECURITY OPERATIONS AUTOMATED AT
LOW COST
While investigating countermeasures, Hyper Box discovered an
article introducing ThreatARMOR. The concept of automatically
eliminating unnecessary traffic based on known threats was the
same idea behind the manual countermeasures Mr. Matsuura had
been implementing.
At that time, ThreatARMOR was a new product. Mr. Matsuura
contacted Ixia to observe a test run on actual user machines.
Normally, a new product is not introduced until after proof of
concept (PoC) tests, but Mr. Matsuura decided to introduce
ThreatARMOR to the network during the demonstration.
There were many reasons Mr. Matsuura opted to use
ThreatARMOR, but a main one was its proprietary “ATI Rap
Sheet,” which indicates why each instance of blocked traffic is
flagged. That kind of information makes ThreatARMOR much
more than just a simple black box.
“I was thrilled with the level of sensitivity to the network
operation. One reason is that ThreatARMOR employs a fail-open
system, and even when trouble occurs, communication is never
interrupted,” said Mr. Matsuura. “In contrast, most security devices
adopt a fail-close system, which makes them inappropriate for use
over a shared network,” he added. In his opinion, “ThreatARMOR
is ideal for helping to strengthen the security of service
providers’ networks.”

NUMBER OF INTRUSIONS DETECTED BY IDS
REDUCED TO ONE-FIFTH WITH FURTHER
REDUCTIONS EXPECTED
After seeing the demo, Hyper Box moved quickly and
ThreatARMOR went into operation at the end of March. In the 

early stages, performance and functions were tested once again
in a TAP/remote mode and also monitored. However, after about a
month, the system was switched to an inline/block mode.
ThreatARMOR blocked 4% of all Hyper Box’s traffic. Considering
the enormous amount of traffic flowing into Hyper Box’s shared
networks, this percentage meant that a considerable number
of attacks was successfully blocked. The number of intrusions
detected by the IDSs decreased from 1 million cases to 200k
cases. In addition, Mr. Matsuura saw a decrease in the amount of
spam e-mails.
Mr. Matsuura appreciated how easy it was to implement
ThreatARMOR, and noted that the sophisticated management
interface is especially user-friendly. He was particularly pleased
with how the system status can be checked by merely looking
at a dashboard. He said that he used to frantically watch the
logs of firewalls and IDSs. Now, however, blocked attacks can be
recognized at a glance, providing peace of mind.
“Thanks to ThreatARMOR, we can devote our time to research
and planning, in order to provide better services,” said Mr.
Matsuura. In addition, he is looking forward to seeing how Ixia
expands the range and applications of ThreatARMOR in
the future.
